I think Forest Service is C++ is also simple in creating the service file and compiling the sort of
the size of the operation.
Exactly the same as we did with the Python implementation.
Now when we define two files that server the TPP and claim that GDP Let us look at the two servers the
TPP.
So the application logic is the same.
Here we have the main function and first of all we initialize the node as we do in any program in C++
and then we define our service server which is similar to our subscribers.
As already mentioned is video.
So this is not the service object.
OK.
Which is going to advertise the service on the service and then at the instant Also we define the method
that will handle the incoming requests.
So this is similar to the 100 method that you have defined in the pilot and co.
We call it handle that.
Its now it just so we can call it the same thing.
And this is going to have to promotors one parameter that specifies the request and one parameter that
specifies the response.
So comparing the Python version we have all these requests as parameter for the Hundal method.
And here in the server in the C++ version we specify the request.
Also the response.
So when the server receives a request is going to execute the method and we extract the information
and the request.
So we need to import the service file which also refer to the service request and service response.
This is why we are able to use them here.
Okay.
And then when we calculate the some as being when this is the response that some of this is the response
object we have to pass by reference here response out of some respect to request that a.
So remember that the message format of the request contains a and b I can show you that he meant that
you Plus this or B show them the service name.
Or you can see it and B are two inputs for the sequence.
This is why we have a request.
And then you can collect the sum.
And finally we will send some back to the client so the service will return a boolean variable.
When it execute correctly and sends back the response to the client it will return.
So when it comes to it now it has sent the response to decline.
On the other hand this is now the file for the client.
This is our main function.
The first issue lies our no with the arguments on the command line.
Okay.
And then we create a new client So this is our service client.
Okay using that service sclayn generic method of the node handle and you specify the type of the client
or in C++ we use generic methods to define the service client is now specifies the type of the client
and then the name of the service.
You can see that is a little bit of difference in the way how it is implemented all of the application
logic is the same.
We see the stress and pipe case in C++ we use service claim generally in order to find the client that
we access the service.
So now we create our service object.
Okay that would contain a response and request so service that requested 8 we're going to assign the
value that we need from the command line and where we will assign the value be the second value that
we receive from the command line and then we will use that service client that we have created in order
to call the service.
So claim to call and here we will specify the service message that will be signed.
So this one is the service message.
It will be sent to the server.
And finally we will wait for the response.
So if the service call is made successfully in this case we can return the sun through the response
message.
RB That response would.
Otherwise we're going to send a message to a forum that the service call was not successful.
So now this is the explanation of the C++ code and now we need to execute it.
To be able to execute the code we need to make some modifications into the C Make list.
So it is you make the XTi we need to add the instructions to the executable of the server and that line
in the same way that we did before or not and it does not know about either.
And this is the difference between C++ and Peiffer.
In Python you don't need to compile and you don't need to bother yourself with Samake least which makes
Python much more simple but also C++ has its own advantages and sometimes it might be needed to perform
some specific operations.
So when you add the executable This is the name of the server node and this is the path with a city
defined as our service and then out to its clients city and in server Dotsie then we need to add the
target link library that are not created in libraries and also other dependencies other persons serious
sanctions and same thing here.
Now we have every place to combine.
So I'm going to go to get more space and then get in.
So you really have to be creative.
You can see now it is no creativity you have to face up to it.
Client d be good.
Oh it's certain to be the pope.
So we are not good on the surface.
Russ ran across from us the censors and then the name to its server.
So this is the name of the server.
OK.
This is the server not the executive in C++.
Now I can go to the first one then restrung essentials to use.
This is the client causing file for concern.
OK so the sun is would be 11 and you can see here that it was equal to 4 y equal to 7.
And the response was.
And now I have the C++ server right.
I can also send the request using the Piscean.
So let's run the cost of the Python code had the plan to fight some 3 9 and then we see from the server
running you see us.
So this is now the advantage for us whatever we develop new programs C++ or Python.
They are portable because they exchange serialized messages.
So and then we must as a man or whatever it is C++ code I think.
So in this video I have presented how to implement a client server application in process to develop
services.
If you want to develop any other service you will need to follow exactly the same steps starting by
creating the service file that contains the request message and the response message.
Compile the satisfice to generate the source code of C++ in Python.
Then you can create your server then create your client and exiguous all together in the next video.
I'm going to show how we can use most common place in order to execute and analyze the service that
we have created.